= Guewen Baconnier Dot Files

These are config files to set up a system the way I like it.


== Installation

  git clone git@github.com:guewen/dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles
  cd ~/.dotfiles
  rake install


== Environment

I am running on GNU/Linux and my dotfiles include :
 - zsh (with oh-my-zsh)
 - vim
 - tmux
 - ruby (irb, gems)
 - python 

The oh-my-zsh install procedure is described on : 

  https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh

To install: 

  xsel
  ack-grep

Python modules:

  fancycompleter

And Ruby gems:

  tuxminator
  wirble
  looksee


== Features

I normally place all of my coding projects in ~/code, so this directory 
can easily be accessed (and tab completed) with the "c" command.

  c railsca<tab>

There is also an "h" command which behaves similar, but acts on the 
home path.

  h doc<tab>

Tab completion is also added to rake and cap commands:

  rake db:mi<tab>
  cap de<tab>

To speed things up, the results are cached in local .rake_tasks~ and 
.cap_tasks~. It is smart enough to expire the cache automatically in 
most cases, but you can simply remove the files to flush the cache.

If you're using git, you'll notice the current branch name shows up in
the prompt while in a git repository.

See the other aliases in ~/.zsh/aliases

If there are some shell configuration settings which you want secure or 
specific to one system, place it into a ~/.localrc file. This will be 
loaded automatically if it exists.

There are several features enabled in Ruby's irb including history and 
completion. Many convenience methods are added as well such as "ri"
which can be used to get inline documentation in IRB. See irbrc and
railsrc files for details.
